Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to
its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this
announcement.

YesAsia Holdings Limited
麗控股有限公司
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

(Stock Code: 2209)

INSIDE INFORMATION
POSITIVE PROFIT ALERT
AND
NOTICE OF BOARD MEETING
This announcement is made by YesAsia Holdings Limited pursuant to Rule 13.09(2)(a) of the
Listing Rules and the Inside Information Provisions (as defined under the Listing Rules) under
Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).
POSITIVE PROFIT ALERT
The Board wishes to inform Shareholders and potential investors that, based on preliminary
assessment of the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Group, as well as other
information currently available, the Group expects to record unaudited consolidated revenue
for the Reporting Year of approximately US$500.0 million (Prior Year: US$347.1 millionNote),
representing an increase of approximately US$152.9 million or 44.1% as compared to the
Prior Year, mainly driven by continuous market diversification for YesStyle and an increase
in number of new customers of AsianBeautyWholesale for both online and offline channels.
The Group has also increased its efforts in marketing including online marketing, influencer
marketing, key opinion leader (KOL) programmes, and promotion campaigns. As a result,
marketing expenses increased to approximately US$27.1 million (Prior Year: US$18.8
million) for the Reporting Year.
To support the surge in fulfillment demand, the Group commenced operations at the Mapletree
Warehouse and the warehouse in South Korea. Accordingly, the Group incurred depreciation
of right-of-use assets of approximately US$5.6 million for the leasing of both warehouses
during the Reporting Year.
During the Reporting Year, the Group has incurred share option expenses of approximately
US$4.1 million (Prior Year: US$0.2 million) for grant of 2,822,000 options (Prior Year:
389,000 options), each carrying rights to subscribe for 10 ordinary shares of the Company. In
addition, the Group recognised fair value loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss amounted to approximately US$0.9 million (Prior Year: Nil) in relation to a life insurance
policy purchased during the Reporting Year and pledged to a bank to secure banking facilities
of the Group.
Note: Restated to conform to the Reporting Year’s presentation.

–1–

As more profits are generated through the Group’s entities in South Korea and the share
option expenses and the loss recognised for the insurance policy mentioned above are tax nondeductible, income tax expense for the Reporting Year is expected to amount to approximately
US$6.4 million which is higher than that of the Prior Year of approximately US$4.5 million.
Consequently, the unaudited consolidated net profit for the Reporting Year is expected to
be not less than US$22.0 million (Prior Year: US$19.0 million), representing an increase of
approximately US$3.0 million or 15.8%.
NOTICE OF BOARD MEETING
The Board further announces that a meeting of the Board will be held on 27 March 2026,
Friday, for the purposes of, among other matters, considering and approving the Annual
Results and its publication, and considering the declaration and payment of final dividend, if
any.
DEFINITIONS
In this announcement, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall
have the following meanings:
“Annual Results”

the results of the Group for the Reporting Year

“AsianBeautyWholesale”
or “ABW”

the Group’s wholesale business of beauty products via online
platform, namely www.asianbeautywholesale.com, and offline
channels

“Board”

the board of Directors

“Company”

YesAsia Holdings Limited (喆麗控股有限公司), a company
incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability, with its shares
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
2209)

“Director(s)”

director(s) of the Company

“Group”

the Company and its subsidiaries

“Listing Rules”

the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
Exchange (as amended from time to time)

“Mapletree Warehouse”

the smart warehouse located at Mapletree Logistics Hub in
Tsing Yi with approximately 147,468 square feet equipped with
automated mobile robots (AMR)

“Prior Year”

year ended 31 December 2024

“Reporting Year”

year ended 31 December 2025

–2–

“Shareholders”

holders of the shares in the issued share capital of the Company

“Stock Exchange”

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“YesStyle”

the Group’s retail business of fashion, lifestyle and beauty
products via YesStyle e-commerce platforms, which include the
website at www.yesstyle.com and the YesStyle mobile apps

“%”

percent

As the Company is still finalising the Annual Results, the information contained in
this announcement is only based on a preliminary assessment of information currently
available and the unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Group for the
Reporting Year by the Board, and is not based on any figures or information audited or
reviewed by the Company’s independent auditor and/or audit committee, and therefore
may be subject to further adjustment. Further details of the Annual Results will be
disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules by the end of March
2026, which shall prevail over the information contained herein. The Board wishes
to emphasize that the Annual Results may be affected by a number of other factors.
As such, the above information is provided for Shareholders’ and potential investors’
reference only.
This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements in relation to financial
conditions, results of operation, and business of the Group (the “Forward-Looking
Statements”). The Forward-Looking Statements are made based on the preliminary
assessment of information currently available to the Board, therefore the actual future
results or performance of the Group may differ materially from the Forward-Looking
Statements.
Shareholders and potential investors should carefully consider the related risk factors
and should not place undue reliance on the Forward-Looking Statements. Shareholders
and potential investors are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the securities of
the Company.
By order of the Board
YESASIA HOLDINGS LIMITED
Ng Sai Cheong
Company Secretary
Hong Kong, 27 January 2026
As of the date of this announcement, the Board comprises Mr. LAU Kwok Chu, Ms. CHU
Lai King, and Mr. CHU Kin Hang as executive Directors; Mr. HUI Yat Yan Henry, Mr. LUI
Pak Shing Michael, and Mr. POON Chi Ho as non-executive Directors; and Mr. CHAN Yu
Cheong, Mr. SIN Pak Cheong Philip Charles, and Mr. WONG Chee Chung as independent
non-executive Directors.

–3–

